I know COVID testing remains frustrating, but we are making improvements. In the last two weeks we have stood up federal testing sites all over this country and we are adding more each day. Google COVID test near me to find the nearest site where you can get a test.These coming weeks are going to be challenging. But if we all do our part, well get through this.This afternoon, I met with members of my COVID-19 Response Team to discuss the Omicron variant and our efforts to combat it. We are working every day to increase testing capacity, get more Americans vaccinated, and support our hospitals. We will get through this, together.Omicron is a very transmissible variant much different than anything weve seen before. But you can protect yourself. Get vaccinated. Get boosted. Wear a mask while in public.Weve been working around the clock during the holiday weeks to:- Deploy hundreds of military doctors and nurses to staff hospitals- Work with states on their hospital capacity and provide emergency beds- Ship nearly million pieces of protective equipmentToday, we are doubling our Pfizer antiviral pill order from million to million treatment courses. These pills have been shown to dramatically decrease hospitalization and death from COVID-19. They are a game-changer.Tune in as I give an update on our fight against COVID-19 and receive a briefing on the latest developments related to the Omicron variant.Were facing an inflection point with climate change and need to act. Thats why Ive put the U.S. on course to achieve net-zero emissions by . The infrastructure law will help us get there by upgrading our power infrastructure and deploying cutting-edge energy technology.We began in the midst of an economic crisis. But because of the actions we took, we ended it with the fastest economic growth in nearly years.As we mourn the passing of Maxine McNair, we remember those four girls taken in the horrific bombing years ago. Their memories are a reminder of our work in the battle for the soul of this nation. We must continue to root out racism and stand up to hate wherever its found.In too many industries, a handful of giant companies dominate the market. The meat industry is a textbook example. Today, I met with independent farmers and ranchers to discuss how were working to level the playing field for them while lowering prices for American families.Get vaccinated and get boosted. Its free. Its convenient. It saves lives. And its your patriotic duty.Tune in as I meet with both independent and family farmers and ranchers to discuss our work to boost competition and reduce prices in the meat-processing industry.Weve added more than U.S. manufacturing jobs since I took office, and were going to keep at it. Because more of what we buy in America should be made in America.Right now, schools and child care centers are at risk of exposure to lead in their water. Its unacceptable. Were replacing % of the nations lead pipes so that every child in America can turn on the faucet and drink clean water.Commander enjoyed his first trip to the beach.As I reflect on , Ive never been more optimistic about the future of this country. With hope and unity, let us come together and build on our progress in the year ahead.Happy New Year, folks!Betty White brought a smile to the lips of generations of Americans. Shes a cultural icon who will be sorely missed. Jill and I are thinking of her family and all those who loved her this New Years Eve.As we head into , I want folks to remember: Theres not a single thing America cannot do when we do it together.When I came into office, our economy was in crisis. But over the last months, weve added nearly million jobs. Thats the largest increase in recorded history.Last year at this time, there were Americans filing new jobless claims each week. This last week, that number was less than . Thats historic progress.Today, I committed $137 million to expanding the production of COVID-19 at-home tests using our military authority in order to meet demand.Were ending with what one analyst described as the strongest first-year economic track record of any president in the last years. Lets keep the progress going.The economy I inherited nearly a year ago wasnt just in crisis it wasnt working for working people. We passed the American Rescue Plan and Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to help change that. Were rebuilding our economy from the bottom up and middle out not the top down.